97	Except as otherwise set forth in this Debenture, the Company, for itself and its legal representatives, successors and assigns, expressly waives presentment, protest, demand, notice of dishonor, notice of nonpayment, notice of maturity, notice of protest, presentment for the purpose of accelerating maturity, and diligence in collection.
39	No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to or has any obligation to maintain or contribute to any Multiemployer Plan or Plan, nor otherwise has any liability under Title IV of ERISA.
26	This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. This Amendment may be delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission of the relevant signature pages hereof.
45	From time to time, as and when required by the Surviving Corporation or by its successors or assigns, there shall be executed and delivered on behalf of Ashford (DE) such deeds and other instruments, and there shall be taken or caused to be taken by it all such further and other action, as shall be appropriate, advisable or necessary in order to vest, perfect or confirm, of record or otherwise, in the Surviving Corporation the title to and possession of all property, interests, assets, rights, privileges, immunities, powers, franchises and authority of Ashford (DE), and otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.  The officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation are fully authorized in the name and on behalf of Ashford (DE) or otherwise, to take any and all such action and to execute and deliver any and all such deeds and other instruments.
11	Commencing March 7, 2016 and during the Employment Period, the Company shall pay to the Executive a base salary at the rate of no less than $750,000 per calendar year (the “Base Salary”), less applicable deductions, and prorated for any partial month or year, as applicable. The Base Salary shall be reviewed for increase by the Compensation Committees of AFG and AAC (the “Compensation Committees”) no less frequently than annually and may be increased in the discretion of the Compensation Committees. Any such adjusted Base Salary shall constitute the “Base Salary” for purposes of this Agreement. The Base Salary shall be paid in substantially equal installments in accordance with AAC’s regular payroll procedures. The Executive’s Base Salary may not be decreased during the Employment Period. The Company shall provide the Executive with a payment in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the Base Salary payments the Executive would have received had he been paid at the rate set forth in this Section 4(a) during the period commencing on March 7, 2016 and ending on the Effective Date hereof and (ii) the actual salary payments made to the Executive during such period, payable in a lump sum on a regular payroll date as soon as practicable following the Effective Date.
65	All notices required or permitted under this Agreement will be in writing, will reference this Agreement, and will be deemed given: (i) when delivered personally; (ii) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally-recognized express courier, with written confirmation of receipt; or (iii) three (3) business days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All such notices will be sent to the addresses set forth above or to such other address as may be specified by either party to the other party in accordance with this Section.
73	Each Credit Party shall maintain, in all material respects, proper, complete and consistent books of record with respect to such Person’s operations, affairs, and financial condition. From time to time upon reasonable prior notice, each Credit Party shall permit any Lender, at such reasonable times and intervals and to a reasonable extent and under the reasonable guidance of officers of or employees delegated by officers of such Credit Party, to, subject to any applicable confidentiality considerations, examine and copy the books and records of such Credit Party, to visit and inspect the Property of such Credit Party, and to discuss the business operations and Property of such Credit Party with the officers and directors thereof (provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Lenders shall be entitled to only one such visit per year coordinated by the Administrative Agent).
50	BORROWER HEREBY AGREES TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS INDEMNITEES FOR, FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, ACTIONS, JUDGMENTS, COURT COSTS AND LEGAL OR OTHER EXPENSES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES AND EXPENSES) WHICH ANY INDEMNITEE MAY INCUR AS A DIRECT OR INDIRECT CONSEQUENCE OF: (A) THE PURPOSE TO WHICH BORROWER APPLIES THE LOAN PROCEEDS; (B) THE FAILURE OF BORROWER TO PERFORM ANY OBLIGATIONS AS AND WHEN REQUIRED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS; (C) ANY FAILURE AT ANY TIME OF ANY OF BORROWER'S REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES TO BE TRUE AND CORRECT; (D) ANY ACT OR OMISSION BY BORROWER, CONSTITUENT PARTNER OR MEMBER OF BORROWER WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE PROPERTY OR IMPROVEMENTS; OR (E) ANY ACTION OR OMISSION OF ANY INDEMNITEE IN CONNECTION WITH THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY OF ITS RIGHTS UNDER THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT ARISING FORM THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF ANY INDEMNITEE. BORROWER SHALL PROMPTLY PAY TO INDEMNITEES UPON DEMAND ANY AMOUNTS OWING UNDER THIS INDEMNITY, TOGETHER WITH INTEREST FROM THE DATE SUCH OBLIGATION ARISES UNTIL PAID AT THE RATE OF INTEREST APPLICABLE TO THE PRINCIPAL BALANCE OF THE NOTE. BORROWER'S DUTY AND OBLIGATION TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS INDEMNITEES SHALL SURVIVE CANCELLATION OF THE NOTE AND THE RECONVEYANCE, RELEASE OR SATISFACTION OR PARTIAL RECONVEYANCE, RELEASE OR SATISFACTION OF THE SECURITY INSTRUMENT OR OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.
98	Sublessee leases the Aircraft in its “as is, where is” condition. The only services, rights, or warranties to which the Sublessee is entitled to under this Sublease are those to which the Sublessor is provided under the Prime Lease.
47	This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota (without reference to its conflicts of laws provisions).
6	Any dispute, controversy, claim or action of any kind arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, or in any way involving Company and Investor or their respective Affiliates, including any issues of arbitrability, will be resolved solely by final and binding arbitration in English before a retired judge at JAMS International, or its successor, in the Territory of the Virgin Islands, pursuant to the most expedited and Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures available. Any interim or final award may be entered and enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. The final award will include the prevailing party’s reasonable arbitration, expert witness and attorney fees, costs and expenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Investor may in its sole discretion bring an action in the U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada or the Middle District of Florida in addition to, in lieu of, or in aid of arbitration.
7	This Agreement and any of the documents related hereto and the rights, duties, or obligations thereunder may not be assigned by the Applicant without the written consent of the Commissioner.  Any assignment made without the written consent of the Commissioner shall be void and of no force or effect.
43	Borrower or any Guarantor fails to provide the Lender with financial statements, tax returns or other information within thirty (30) days of Lender’s request..
58	"Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an "" Action "") which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty.  There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company.  The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act."
19	Neither the Company’s ownership of the assets, nor, to such Assignor’s knowledge, the operation of the Company’s assets is in violation of any applicable laws, licenses and permits, including any applicable environmental laws, licenses and permits, in any material respect.
47	THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK . The other provisions of Article IX of the Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment to the same extent as if fully set forth herein.
93	During the Term of Executive’s Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to be paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies, programs and practices of the Company and its subsidiaries as in effect at any time hereafter with respect to other key Executives of the Company and its subsidiaries; provided, however, that in no event shall Executive be entitled to fewer than 25 business days paid vacation per year, as well as pay for all holidays observed by the Company.
38	This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any party hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein; and any prior agreement of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter contained herein is hereby terminated and cancelled (other than the Non-disclosure and Assignment of Inventions Agreement dated May 24, 2013 by and between Employee and the Company).
65	All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted to be given or made under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given if delivered by hand, sent by generally recognized overnight courier service or mail: (i) if to the Executive, to the Executive’s address as it appears in the records of the Company, and (ii) if to the Company, to Navigant Consulting, Inc., 30 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60606, Attention: General Counsel, or (iii) to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications will be effective when actually received by the addressee.
79	The validity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which will remain in full force and effect.  Should a court or other body of competent jurisdiction determine that any provision of this Agreement is excessive in scope or otherwise illegal, invalid, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, so that it is enforceable to the maximum extent possible.
96	Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall have the right to enforce the provisions of Section 3.3 through an action, suit or proceeding brought in any federal court located in the State of Colorado or any Colorado state court, and each Participant consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such action, suit or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any right to a jury trial and any objection that such party may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such action, suit or proceeding in any such court or that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
85	All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding. The provisions of Section 2.15 , Section 2.16 , Section 2.17 and Section 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loan, or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
66	The Purchaser is an entity and is duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization.
26	This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and electronically, and each of which when so executed and delivered shall be taken to be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document.
13	This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the each Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, each Bank and their respective successors and permitted assigns, except that the Borrower and the Guarantor Guarantors shall not have the right to assign any of their respective rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Banks. The rights of the Banks to assign this Agreement are set forth in and are subject to the provisions of Section 10.16 .
92	Borrower shall use proceeds of the Loan to (a) make initial deposits of the Reserve Funds, (b) make distributions to Equity Owner, (c) pay costs and expenses incurred in connection with the closing of the Loan and any related Securitization, and (d) to the extent any proceeds remain after satisfying clauses (a) through (c) above, for such lawful purpose as Borrower shall designate.
89	Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that the Lease Term commenced on May 1, 1996 and is scheduled to expire on April 30, 2017.  Landlord and Tenant hereby extend the Lease Term for the period commencing on May 1, 2017 and expiring on July 31, 2020 (the “ Additional Term ”), unless further extended or earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Lease.
58	Except as set forth on Schedule 8.1.18 hereto, there are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending, or to the knowledge of the Loan Parties, threatened, against or affecting any Loan Party or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries which, singly or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or that involve any Loan Document or the Closing Date Transactions. Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Domestic Subsidiaries is in default with respect to any order, writ, injunction, judgment, decree or rule of any Governmental Authority, which, singly or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
93	During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to five (5) weeks of vacation annually, to be administered in accordance with the Corporation’s vacation program.  The Executive shall also be entitled to all paid holidays given by the Corporation to its U.S. employees.
20	You agree to hold the facts and circumstances surrounding the execution of this Agreement and the Supplemental Release in strictest confidence.
7	Minera William shall not fully or partially transfer its right to receive the Royalty without the prior written consent of GTM and without first offering to transfer such interest to GTM on the same terms, conditions and price on which Payee intends to transfer the same to an unrelated third party. GTM may assign its rights and obligations under this Exhibit “A” without the prior written consent of Minera William, provided that the assignee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this Exhibit “A” and so notifies in writing to Minera William.
38	This Agreement, together with the Non-Competition Agreement, contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to Employee’s employment by Employer, and supersedes any and all prior agreements between or among the parties. There are no other contracts, agreements or understandings, whether oral or written, existing between them except as contained or referred to in this Agreement.
38	This Agreement taken together with the offer letter dated as of the date hereof and the letter regarding relocation reimbursement contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and may not be waived, changed, modified, extended or discharged orally, but only by agreement specifically referencing this Agreement that is signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such waiver, change, modification, extension or discharge is sought. Employee acknowledges that the Company is not bound by any oral or other unauthorized statements or promises regarding salary, benefits, length of employment or any other conditions of Employee’s employment. All previous agreements or arrangements between the Company and Employee are hereby terminated. Each party acknowledges and agrees that no representations, inducements, promises or agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by either party, or anyone acting on behalf of either party, that are not expressly set forth in this Agreement, and that no other agreement, statement or promise shall be valid or binding unless modified or amended pursuant to this Section 16(e). This Agreement may not be modified or amended unless in writing and signed by both Employee and the Company, acting through its Chief Executive Officer or President.
26	This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.   The exchange of copies of this Agreement and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Agreement as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Agreement for all purposes.  Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.
58	From the date hereof through the Closing, each party hereto shall promptly notify the representative of the other parties of any known Proceeding which after the date hereof are threatened or commenced against such party or any of its affiliates or any officer, director, employee, consultant, agent or Acquiree Company Record Owners thereof, in their capacities as such, which, if decided adversely, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect upon the condition (financial or otherwise), assets, liabilities, business, operations or prospects of such party or any of its Subsidiaries.
2	The Committee has the right at any time, and from time to time, to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel the Option, prospectively or retroactively; provided, however , that no such amendment shall adversely affect the Participant’s material rights under this Agreement without the Participant’s written consent, and any such amendment shall be in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.
97	Any provision for the benefit of the Company contained in these Terms and Conditions may be waived, either generally or in any particular instance, by the Board of Directors of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof.
47	This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to such state’s choice of law provisions which would require the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. The United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois shall have exclusive jurisdiction of all matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; provided , however , that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed a consent or submission by CAC to the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court for any purpose, including with respect to any disputes under or relating to this Agreement, and the Company and CAC reserve all rights in this regard.
79	In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Separation Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Moreover, if any one or more of the provisions contained in this Separation Agreement is held to be excessively broad as to duration, scope, activity or subject, such provisions will be construed by limiting and reducing them so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent compatible with applicable law.
95	Subject to Section 5.4(c), shares issued pursuant to any Restricted Stock Award may (but need not) be made subject to Vesting Conditions based upon the satisfaction of such Service requirements, conditions, restrictions or performance criteria, including, without limitation, Performance Goals as described in Section 10.4, as shall be established by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement evidencing such Award. During any period in which shares acquired pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award remain subject to Vesting Conditions, such shares may not be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise disposed of other than pursuant to an Ownership Change Event or as provided in Section 8.8. The Committee, in its discretion, may provide in any Award Agreement evidencing a Restricted Stock Award that, if the satisfaction of Vesting Conditions with respect to any shares subject to such Restricted Stock Award would otherwise occur on a day on which the sale of such shares would violate the provisions of the Insider Trading Policy, then satisfaction of the Vesting Conditions automatically shall be determined on the next trading day on which the sale of such shares would not violate the Insider Trading Policy. Upon request by the Company, each Participant shall execute any agreement evidencing such transfer restrictions prior to the receipt of shares of Stock hereunder and shall promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing shares of Stock acquired hereunder for the placement on such certificates of appropriate legends evidencing any such transfer restrictions.
71	Within three (3) Business Days of the date hereof, the Company shall issue a press release substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto.  No other written public release or written announcement concerning the purchase of the Shares contemplated hereby shall be issued by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Parties (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), except as such release or announcement may be required by Law or the rules or regulations of any securities exchange, in which case the Party required to make the release or announcement shall, if such release or announcement contains information materially different from the press release set forth on Exhibit C , and to the extent reasonably practicable, allow the other Parties reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance.  The provisions of this Section 13 shall not restrict the ability of a Party to summarize or describe the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in any prospectus or similar offering document so long as the other Parties are provided a reasonable opportunity to review such disclosure in advance.
46	Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the request of any Account Party the Lenders agree at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period to issue Non-Syndicated Letters of Credit for the account of such Account Party in an aggregate amount that will not result in the Aggregate Credit Exposure exceeding the Commitments (it being understood that Non-Syndicated Letters of Credit may be issued, or be outstanding, for the account of more than one of the Account Parties at any time).
76	The Company is not providing Grantee with advice, warranties, or representations regarding any of the legal, tax, or business effects to Grantee with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement.  Grantee is encouraged to seek legal, tax, and business advice from Grantee’s own legal, tax, and business advisers as soon as possible.  By accepting this Award and the Shares covered thereby, and by signing this Award Agreement, Grantee acknowledges that Grantee is familiar with the terms of the Award Agreement and the Plan, that Grantee has been encouraged by the Company to discuss the Award and the Plan with Grantee’s own legal, tax, and business advisers, and that Grantee agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement.
99	Withholding of all applicable taxes are your responsibility.
85	Except as provided in Section 7.2 , the representations and warranties of the Company and the Purchasers contained in or made pursuant to this Agreement shall not survive the Closing or termination of this Agreement. All of the covenants and other agreements of the parties contained in this Agreement shall survive until fully performed or fulfilled, unless and to the extent that non-compliance with such covenants or agreements is waived in writing by the party entitled to such performance.
79	If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, (i) the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Purchase Agreement will not be affected or impaired, and (ii) the parties shall negotiate in good faith so as to replace each such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision with a valid, legal, and enforceable provision that will, in effect, from an economic viewpoint, most nearly and fairly achieve the effect of the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision and the intent of the parties in entering into this Agreement.
62	No Event of Default or, to the best of the Borrower’s knowledge, Default exists under or with respect to any Loan Document and neither the Borrower nor any other Covered Party is in default in any material respect beyond any applicable grace period under or with respect to any other material agreement, instrument or undertaking to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound in any respect, the existence of which default is likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
7	Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned by any Party (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the Company and the Backstop Participants, other than an assignment by a Backstop Participant expressly permitted by Section 2.9 of this Agreement and any purported assignment in violation of this Section 10.2 shall be void ab initio . Except as provided in Article VIII with respect to the Indemnified Persons and Section 2.4 and Section 9.1 with respect to the Supporting Term Lenders, this Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to in this Agreement) is not intended to and does not confer upon any Person other than the Parties any rights or remedies under this Agreement.
84	This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns.  Entellus shall seek to have any Successor, by written agreement, assent to the fulfillment by such Successor of Entellus’ obligations under this Agreement. A Successor has no rights, authority or power with respect to this Agreement prior to a Change in Control.
47	The Plan and all provisions thereof shall be construed, administered, and enforced in accordance with the Code, ERISA, and the laws of State of Mississippi to the extent such state laws are not superseded, limited, or preempted by the Code, ERISA, or other applicable federal laws, regulations, or guidance.
47	This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, internal laws of the State of Illinois (including, without limitation, 735 ILCS Section 105/5-1 et seq., but otherwise without regard to the conflict of laws provisions) of the State of Illinois.
7	Tenant acknowledges and consents to the assignment of the Lease by Landlord in favor of Lender.
26	This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts (including via facsimile), each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party.
75	Subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Guarantors and the Lenders, the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement and the Notes, if any, may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in Section 10.1 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Section 10.1) for purposes of Section 12.1, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 12.1.
87	All Taxes shall be the financial responsibility of the party obligated to pay such Taxes as determined by applicable law and neither party is or shall be liable at any time for any of the other party’s Taxes incurred in connection with or related to amounts paid under this Agreement. No Tax shall be withheld by the Company on any Net Cash Proceeds payable to the Investors hereunder unless required by law.
54	Interest on Advances shall be payable in arrears (a) on the first day of each month with respect to Domestic Rate Loans, (b) with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans having an Interest Period of one, two or three months, at the end of the applicable Interest Period, and (c) with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans having an Interest Period of six months, at the end of each three month period during such Interest Period, provided that all accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable at the end of the Term. Interest charges shall be computed on the actual principal amount of Advances outstanding during the applicable month at a rate per annum equal to (i) with respect to Revolving Advances, the applicable Revolving Interest Rate, and (ii) with respect to Swing Loans, the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans (as applicable, the “ Contract Rate ”). Except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, any Obligations other than the Advances that are not paid when due shall accrue interest at the Revolving Interest Rate for Domestic Rate Loans, subject to the provision of the final sentence of this Section 3.1 regarding the Default Rate. Whenever, subsequent to the Closing Date, the Alternate Base Rate is increased or decreased, the applicable Contract Rate shall be similarly changed without notice or demand of any kind by an amount equal to the amount of such change in the Alternate Base Rate during the time such change or changes remain in effect. The LIBOR Rate shall be adjusted with respect to LIBOR Rate Loans without notice or demand of any kind on the effective date of any change in the Reserve Percentage as of such effective date. Upon and after the occurrence of an Event of Default, and during the continuation thereof, at the option of Agent or at the direction of Required Lenders (or, in the case of any Event of Default under Section 10.7 hereof, immediately and automatically upon the occurrence of any such Event of Default without the requirement of any affirmative action by any party), the Obligations shall bear interest at the applicable Contract Rate plus two percent (2%) per annum (as applicable, the “ Default Rate ”).
39	Purchaser is not and is not acting on behalf of (i) an “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, (ii) a “plan” within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or (iii) an entity deemed to hold “plan assets” within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. §2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, of any such employee benefit plan or plan.
26	This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g. , www.docusign.com) or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.
28	For purposes of this Section 5.9 , the term “Lender” includes any Issuing Bank and the term “Applicable Law” includes FATCA.
55	Seller and Buyer each acknowledge that it has been represented by its own legal counsel in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Accordingly, any rule of law, or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any claimed ambiguities in this Agreement against the Party that drafted it, has no application and is expressly waived. The provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted in a reasonable manner to effect the intent of Seller and Buyer.
47	THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, THE RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
17	If a Disputed Claim is made with respect to a termination of employment occurring during a period beginning on the date of a Change in Control and ending 24 months thereafter, the Participant shall be entitled to reimbursement of Attorneys’ Fees, whether or not the Participant obtains a Judgment or Award. Such reimbursement shall be made on a “pay-as-you-go” basis, as soon as practicable after presentation to the Company in writing of any periodic statements for Attorneys’ Fees, but in no event later than the last day of the Participant’s taxable year following the taxable year in which the applicable Attorneys’ Fees were incurred.
41	The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse the Agents for all reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication and execution of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendment, waiver, consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated), and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including all Attorney Costs of Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP, and (b) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement of any rights or remedies under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, and including all Attorney Costs of counsel to the Administrative Agent). The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations. All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid promptly following receipt by the Borrower of an invoice relating thereto setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail. If any Loan Party fails to pay when due any costs, expenses or other amounts payable by it hereunder or under any Loan Document, such amount may be paid on behalf of such Loan Party by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.
2	This Agreement may be modified or amended only by a writing duly executed by or on behalf of the Sellers and the Purchaser.
26	To facilitate execution, this Guaranty may be executed in as many counterparts as may be convenient or required. It shall not be necessary that the signature of, or on behalf of, each party, or that the signature of all persons required to bind any party, appear on each counterpart. All counterparts shall collectively constitute a single instrument. It shall not be necessary in making proof of this Guaranty to produce or account for more than a single counterpart containing the respective signatures of, or on behalf of, each of the parties hereto. Any signature page to any counterpart may be detached from such counterpart without impairing the legal effect of the signatures thereon and thereafter attached to another counterpart identical thereto except having attached to it additional signature pages.
44	You shall forfeit your right to receive any unpaid Retention Bonus and the Company shall have no further obligation under this Agreement in the event your employment with the Company and its subsidiaries is terminated for any reason (including your death or disability) other than as set forth in Section 2 hereof.
79	If any provision of this Settlement Agreement shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable under applicable law by a court of competent jurisdiction, that part shall be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability only, without in any way effecting the remaining parts of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Settlement Agreement.
90	Borrower and each Subsidiary has good and indefeasible title to its respective Properties, free and clear of all Liens, except for Permitted Liens.
47	All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in New York County, New York State. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in New York County, New York State for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys' fees and other reasonable costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.
74	Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company’s obligations under Sections 7.4, 7.5 and 7.6 shall terminate if Executive does not execute and deliver to the Company a release substantially in the form attached hereto as Appendix A within [forty-five (45) days] of termination of employment or revokes such release within any applicable revocation period.
39	Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(i), (i) each Employee Plan is in substantial compliance with ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, (ii) no Termination Event has occurred nor is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Employee Plan, (iii) if required to be filed, the most recent annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Employee Plan, including any required Schedule B (Actuarial Information) thereto, have been filed with the Internal Revenue Service and delivered to the Agents and is complete and correct and fairly presents the funding status of such Employee Plan, and since the date of such report there has been no material adverse change in such funding status, (iv) copies of each agreement entered into with the PBGC, the U.S. Department of Labor or the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any Employee Plan (if any) have been delivered to the Agents, (v) no Employee Plan had an accumulated or waived funding deficiency or permitted decrease which would create a deficiency in its funding standard account or has applied for an extension of any amortization period within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code at any time during the previous 60 months, and (vi) no Lien imposed under the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA exists or is likely to arise on account of any Employee Plan within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code. Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(i), no Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred any withdrawal liability under ERISA with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, or is aware of any facts indicating that it or any of its ERISA Affiliates may in the future incur any such withdrawal liability. No Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates nor, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, any fiduciary of any Employee Plan has (i) engaged in a nonexempt prohibited transaction described in Sections 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to an Employee Plan, (ii) failed to pay any required installment or other payment required under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code on or before the due date for such required installment or payment, (iii) engaged in a transaction within the meaning of Section 4069 of ERISA or (iv) incurred any liability to the PBGC which remains outstanding other than the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due which are unpaid. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened claims, actions, proceedings or lawsuits (other than claims for benefits in the normal course) asserted or instituted against (i) any Employee Plan or its assets, (ii) any fiduciary with respect to any Employee Plan, or (iii) any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to any Employee Plan. Except as required by Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code, no Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates maintains an employee welfare benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) which provides health or welfare benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for any retired or former employee of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates or coverage after a participant's termination of employment or, if later, the end of a former employee's severance period.
84	The LTIP shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns.
65	Any notice, demand or request required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by telegram or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s address as set forth below or as subsequently modified by written notice.
81	The parties recognize that if any provision of this Agreement is violated by the Company, Indemnitee may be without an adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, in the event of any such violation, Indemnitee shall be entitled, if Indemnitee so elects, to institute Proceedings, either in law or at equity, to obtain damages, to enforce specific performance, to enjoin such violation, or to obtain any relief or any combination of the foregoing as Indemnitee may elect to pursue.
2	To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Issuing Bank) to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit and specifying the date of issuance (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare such Letter of Credit.  If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Borrower shall complete a letter of credit application on the Issuing Bank's standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit.  A Letter of Credit shall be issued only if (and, upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance (i) the LC Exposure shall not exceed the LC Sublimit, and (ii) the total Facility Exposure shall not exceed the Total Commitment Amount.  Any Letter of Credit issued may, at the request of the Borrower and with the consent of the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Administrative Agent, be amended, renewed or extended, provided that no Default then exists and that after giving effect thereto, such Letter of Credit (if the same had been issued at such time) would comply with all requirements of this Section.
73	Each Obligor shall keep accurate and complete records, in all material respects, of its Equipment, including kind, quality, quantity, cost, acquisitions and dispositions thereof, and shall submit to Administrative Agent, on such periodic basis as Administrative Agent may reasonably request, a current schedule thereof, in form reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. Promptly upon request, Obligors shall deliver to Administrative Agent evidence of their ownership or interests in any Equipment.
46	All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent’s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein.  The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office.  All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 2:00 p.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day (or on the day actually received, in the Administrative Agent’s sole discretion) and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, if any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
51	"(a) Maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by similarly situated companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations and cause, subject to the time periods set forth in clause (ix) of the definition of ""Collateral Requirement"" and Schedule 5.02(d) , if applicable, Agent to be listed as a co-loss payee on property and casualty policies and as an additional insured on liability policies."
41	Consultant shall be eligible for reimbursement of reasonable travel expenses which are approved in advance by the Company and are associated with Consultant’s performance of duties under this Agreement.
6	Any and all Arbitrable Disputes (except to the extent injunctive relief is sought) shall be resolved through the use of binding arbitration using, in the case of an Arbitrable Dispute involving a dispute of an amount equal to or greater than $1,000,000 or non‑monetary relief, three arbitrators, and in the case of an Arbitrable Dispute involving a dispute of an amount less than $1,000,000, one arbitrator, in each case in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, as supplemented to the extent necessary to determine any procedural appeal questions by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the United States Code). If there is any inconsistency between this Article 22 and the Commercial Arbitration Rules or the Federal Arbitration Act, the terms of this Article 22 shall control the rights and obligations of the Parties. Arbitration must be initiated within the time limits set forth in this Agreement, or if no such limits apply, then within a reasonable time or the time period allowed by the applicable statute of limitations. Arbitration may be initiated by a Party (“ Claimant ”) serving written notice on the other Party (“ Respondent ”) that Claimant elects to refer the Arbitrable Dispute to binding arbitration. Claimant’s notice initiating binding arbitration must identify the arbitrator Claimant has appointed. Respondent shall respond to Claimant within thirty (30) days after receipt of Claimant’s notice, identifying the arbitrator Respondent has appointed. If Respondent fails for any reason to name an arbitrator within the 30-day period, Claimant shall petition the American Arbitration Association for appointment of an arbitrator for Respondent’s account. The two arbitrators so chosen shall select a third arbitrator within thirty (30) days after the second arbitrator has been appointed, and, in the of an Arbitrable Dispute involving a dispute of an amount less than $1,000,000, such third arbitrator shall act as the sole arbitrator, and the sole role of the first two arbitrators shall be to appoint such third arbitrator. Claimant shall pay the compensation and expenses of the arbitrator named by or for it, and Respondent shall pay the compensation and expenses of the arbitrator named by or for it. The costs of petitioning for the appointment of an arbitrator, if any, shall be paid by Respondent. Claimant and Respondent shall each pay one-half of the compensation and expenses of the third arbitrator. All arbitrators must (a) be neutral parties who have never been officers, directors or employees of the Operator, the Company or any of their Affiliates and (b) have not less than seven (7) years’ experience in the energy industry. The hearing shall be conducted in the State of Delaware or the Philadelphia Metropolitan area and commence within thirty (30) days after the selection of the third arbitrator. The Company, the Operator and the arbitrators shall proceed diligently and in good faith in order that the award may be made as promptly as possible. Except as provided in the Federal Arbitration Act, the decision of the arbitrators shall be binding on and non-appealable by the Parties hereto. The arbitrators shall have no right to grant or award Special Damages. Notwithstanding anything herein the contrary, the Company may not dispute any amounts with respect to an invoice delivered in accordance with Article 5 that the Company has not objected to within one hundred twenty (120) days of receipt thereof.
31	The Borrower has disclosed to the Lenders all material agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  For the purposes of this Section 3.11 , all materials publicly filed by the Borrower with the SEC shall be deemed to be disclosed to the Lenders.  Neither the Lender Presentation nor any of the other written reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by all other information so furnished and all material publicly filed by the Borrower with the SEC) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that, with respect to forecasts or projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time (it being understood that forecasts and projections are subject to contingencies and no assurances can be given that any forecast or projection will be realized).
26	This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery by electronic transmission (e.g., “pdf”) of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Amendment, and, once delivered, may not be withdrawn or revoked unless this Amendment fails to become effective in accordance with its terms on or prior to January 31, 2017.
23	Each of IHS and the Borrower, each other Loan Party (by its execution of the Loan Documents to which it is a party), the Administrative Agent and each Lender acknowledges that each of them has had the benefit of legal counsel of its own choice and has been afforded an opportunity to review the Loan Documents with its legal counsel and that the Loan Documents shall be construed as if jointly drafted by the parties thereto.
35	The Company agrees to employ the Executive, and the Executive agrees to render his services to the Company, as its Vice President General Counsel, during the Term (as defined below). In connection with his employment as Vice President General Counsel, the Executive shall serve without additional payment or compensation of any kind as an officer of any other direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of the Company designated by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (collectively, the “Subsidiaries”). The Executive shall render his services at the direction of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer at the Company’s offices in Indianapolis, Indiana. The Executive agrees to use his best efforts to promote and further the business, reputation and good name of the Company and the Subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company Group”) and the Executive shall promptly and faithfully comply with all instructions, directions, requests, rules and regulations made or issued from time to time by the Company.
33	Upon (i) delivery to the Administrative Agent of an Assignment Agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit C hereto (an “ Assignment ”), together with any consent required by Section 13.03(a), (ii) payment of a $3,500 processing fee to the Administrative Agent for processing such assignment and (iii) recordation of such assignment in the Register as required by Section 13.03(c), such assignment shall become effective on the effective date specified in such Assignment. On and after the effective date of such assignment, such Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Lender party to this Credit Agreement and any other Loan Document executed by the Lenders and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto, and no further consent or action by the Borrowers, the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall be required to release the transferor Lender with respect to the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment, Loans and Participation Interests assigned to such Purchaser.
79	If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or incapable of being enforced by any Law or public policy, all other terms or provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon any such determination, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable matter to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the fullest extent possible.
96	PCT, ADAPTIMMUNE AND CLIENT WAIVE ANY RIGHTS THEY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATING TO THE AGREEMENT. PCT, ADAPTIMMUNE AND CLIENT AGREE THAT ANY SUCH DISPUTE SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY.
65	All notices hereunder shall be in writing and (a) if to the Company, shall be delivered personally to the Secretary of the Company or mailed to its principal office address, 1801 Bayberry Court, P.O. Box 18100, Richmond, VA 23226-8100 USA, to the attention of the Secretary, and (b) if to the Employee, shall be delivered personally or mailed to the Employee at the address set forth below. Such addresses may be changed at any time by notice from one party to the other.
92	No portion of any Purchase Price payment hereunder will be used (i) for a purpose that violates, or would be inconsistent with, any law, rule or regulation applicable to such Transferor or (ii) to acquire any security in any transaction which is subject to Section 12, 13 or 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
45	The Parties will, at their own expense and at any time and from time to time, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action, that may be necessary or desirable, or that either Party may reasonably request, in order to protect any right or interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the ABL Agents or the Second Lien Agent to exercise and enforce their rights and remedies hereunder; provided , however , that no Party shall be required to pay over any payment or distribution, execute any instruments or documents, or take any other action referred to in this Section 7.2, to the extent that such action would contravene any law, order or other legal requirement or any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, and in the event of a controversy or dispute, such Party may interplead any payment or distribution in any court of competent jurisdiction, without further responsibility in respect of such payment or distribution under this Section 7.2.
7	This is an Agreement for the performance of personal services by you and may not be assigned by you (other than the right to receive payments which may be assigned to a company, trust or foundation owned or controlled by you) and any purported assignment in violation of the foregoing shall be deemed null and void. Studio may assign this Agreement or all or any part of its rights hereunder to any entity which acquires all or substantially all of the assets of Studio and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of such assignee; provided that your duties do not materially change.
56	This Agreement and all claims, causes of action or proceedings (whether in contract, in tort, at law or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement will be governed by the internal laws of the State of Maryland, excluding any conflicts- or choice-of-law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive law of another jurisdiction.
20	Purchaser and its representatives shall hold in strictest confidence all data and information obtained from Seller regarding the Property or obtained through physical access to the Property granted by Seller, whether obtained before or after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and shall not disclose the same to others prior to Closing; provided, however, that it is understood and agreed that Purchaser may disclose such data and information to Title Company and Purchaser’s actual and potential lenders and insurers and to the employees, consultants, contractors, accountants and attorneys of Purchaser, Title Company and Purchaser’s actual and potential lenders and insurers (collectively, the “Disclosure Parties”) provided that such persons agree to treat such data and information confidentially. In the event this Agreement is terminated, and to the extent Purchaser has received hard copies of any confidential materials from Seller, Purchaser shall promptly return to Seller any such hard copies of confidential materials. In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Purchaser or its agents or representatives of this Section 10.1, Seller shall be entitled, as Seller’s sole remedy, to seek an injunction restraining Purchaser or its agents or representatives from disclosing, in whole or in part, such confidential information. The provisions of this Section 10.1 shall survive Closing. Notwithstanding the foregoing or Section 10.2 hereof, no information obtained by Purchaser or any Disclosure Parties shall be deemed confidential or subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement if such information (i) was publicly known or made generally available in the public domain prior to the time of disclosure, (ii) becomes publicly known or made generally available after disclosure through no action or inaction of Purchaser or any Disclosure Parties, (iii) is in the possession of Purchaser or any Disclosure Parties without confidentiality restrictions at the time of such disclosure, or (iv) is independently discovered or developed by Purchaser or any Disclosure Parties. In addition, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Purchaser and any Disclosure Parties may disclose any such information to third parties to the extent required by law or judicial process, and if Purchaser (or its assigns) acquires title to the Property, this Section 10.1 shall automatically become null and void at such time and have no further effect.
85	The agreements in this Section and the indemnity provisions of Section 11.02(e)  shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of this Agreement or the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.
47	THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO CHOICE OF, OR CONFLICT OF, LAW PRINCIPLES.
19	Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
42	With the exception of Base Rate Loans, interest on Loans, Letter of Credit fees, Related Expenses, and commitment and other fees and charges hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year having three hundred sixty (360) days and calculated for the actual number of days elapsed. With respect to Base Rate Loans, interest shall be computed on the basis of a year having three hundred sixty‑five (365) days or three hundred sixty‑six (366) days, as the case may be, and calculated for the actual number of days elapsed.
4	This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted pursuant to the internal laws of the State of Michigan, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. The terms and exclusions of the Company’s Alternative Dispute Resolution Policy apply to any and all disputes under this Agreement.
50	EACH DEBTOR HEREBY AGREES TO INDEMNIFY COLLATERAL AGENT AND ITS SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, AND EMPLOYEES, FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, SUITS, COSTS, AND EXPENSES OF ANY KIND AND NATURE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL EXPENSES OF LITIGATION OR PREPARATION THEREFOR WHETHER OR NOT COLLATERAL AGENT IS A PARTY THERETO) IMPOSED ON, INCURRED BY OR ASSERTED AGAINST COLLATERAL AGENT OR ITS SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, AND EMPLOYEES, IN ANY WAY RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS SECURITY AGREEMENT, OR THE MANUFACTURE, PURCHASE, ACCEPTANCE, REJECTION, OWNERSHIP, DELIVERY, LEASE, POSSESSION, USE, OPERATION, CONDITION, SALE, RETURN OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF ANY COLLATERAL (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LATENT AND OTHER DEFECTS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE BY THE Collateral Agent OR SUCH DEBTOR, AND ANY CLAIM FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT).
68	Interest is payable monthly on the last calendar day of each month and shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed. In computing interest, (i) all payments received after 12:00 p.m. Pacific time on any day shall be deemed received at the opening of business on the next Business Day, and (ii) the date of the making of any Credit Extension shall be included and the date of payment shall be excluded; provided , however , that if any Credit Extension is repaid on the same day on which it is made, such day shall be included in computing interest on such Credit Extension.
